# Descriptive Notes

- Landing page:
  - Static page with information about the app and project
  - Link to access the app
    - On click, it opens a login modal
    - Once user is logged in, they’re redirected to the app
- Single page app:
  - Top bar:
    - User profile button at the top opens a menu to give the user the option to log out
    - Menu button at the top has options to import or save a workflow, download it in different formats, start over, a link to the documentation and a toggle to enable pro view.
  - General user:
    - The workflow is divided into major and minor steps. Each major step would have its own page. User can go back and forth between the major steps as needed.
  - Left panel:
    - All the minor steps are numbers and named to guide the user
    - Inputs can be of different types
    - Each step has a tooltip button that would open a modal with guidance information about the step
    - The steps and options in the left panel should always be the same no matter what selections the user made in previous steps. Any step that requires customised inputs would open in a modal.
      - Example 1: Step 3.1 might be “Selecting a plot type”. As there is a known, limited list of different plot types, this step may be a drop-down menu that is displayed directly in the left panel.
      - Example 2: Step 3.2 might be customising the selected plot’s configuration options. As different plot types may need different configuration options, these options will not be displayed in the panel directly. Instead, the panel will include only a button that says “Configure plot”, which would open a modal with the specific options applicable to the selected plot type.
    - Pinned buttons at the bottom of the panel: navigate between the different major steps. Last step page may also have a button to download the full workflow.
  - Viewing window:
    - At the top of the viewing window, the user can see the progression of major steps with the current step highlighted.
    - The output of each minor step is labelled with the step number and contained inside a box. The output inside the box is the same output produced by running the python code, simply copied over for transparency.
    - The outputs from the previous pages are also always displayed, so it’s not just the outputs of the current page.
    - Where a resource with citations is used, the citations will be automatically printed after the output of the step where the resource was selected.
- Pro user:
  - Left panel: has all the same options as a general user, plus additional buttons to configure their own settings as needed
  - Viewing window: the window has 2 tabs:
    - Output: same the as the viewing window of the general user
    - Python source code:
    - An editable view of all the code generated by their selections, looks similar to a Jupyter notebook.
    - User can add new cells as desired
    - Brings up the following question: what happens if the user edits the code generated by one of the steps? This may lead to inconsistencies between what is shown in the step’s input field and what the code now actually does. This is an implementation decision so is not a major concern right now, but one option that we decided to show in the prototype is that the step’s input in the left panel would change to say “Custom” or something similar, indicating that the configuration was changed.

